
Visual:
	Art: 5/5
	Character Design: 5/5
Plot:
	Main Character Development: 4/5
		Itsuki's char dev is meh, while the other sisters' development is magnificient, not much to say.
	
	Side Character Development: 2/5
		I know this is the story about Fuutarou and the Quintuplets, but I believe many characters have potentials and could have been developed more, like: Maeda, Takebayashi, the owner of the shop where Nino works, Takeda (he had a whole arc revolving around him, but I think he deserves more appearance in the story, as well).
		
		Since the manga ended quite quickly, there wasn't enough room for side characters to develop their stories. It would be great to see the relationship of Maeda and Matsui, to know more about Takebayashi, ... .
		
		Another issue is that characters like Takebayashi appears and then gone in like 2 chapters. The Quintuplets' biological dad, Mudo sensei's ending feels quite ... unsettled to me.
	
	Drama: 4/5
		The dramas in the story are quite good. Most of them happens between the sisters themselves and it actually helps showing the sisters' personalities, their good sides (and weeknesses too), which strengthen their bond together. I love how after all the conflicts, they get closer and love each other even more. The drama also make way for them to sole their family issues. Overall, it was good, but again, I would love to see more drama involving other characters as well.
	
	Other factors:
		Romance: 4/5
			The story has almost all the romance scenarios we need. I would love to see more "ecchi stuffs" in the story and some intimate scenes between our main couple after their coming together.
		
		Fan Service: 3/5
			Not much fan service from Negi-sensei. In a story about 5 beautiful and amazing sisters and their love stories, it's a pity we didn't have that much of fan service (especially with such an art from the author).
			
		Satisfactory: 4/5
			Being objective here, not taking into account whether our supported sister wins (there are 5 of them and only 1 gets to be the bride, of course there will be those whose waifu didn't get chosen, like the Nino and Miku fans), I felt pretty satisfied. The whole story was good with no particularly "bad" arcs, the ending was acceptable (Yotsuba deserves it, sure), almost all problems were solved.
			
		Potential: 5/5
			The concept of a girls harem who loves the main character is nothing new, but them being quintuplet sisters is. It was a fresh air, which allows for unique dramas and interaction between the characters, unlike other stories (they compete against each others to win Fuutarou's heart, while supporting and caring about the others' feelings as well).
			
		Execution: 4/5:
			The only thing I feel not up to expectation is that the story ended quite quickly. For a harem manga with so much space for character development, I expected it to last at least 200+ chapters. I wanted to see more about the cuteness of the 5 sisters TT (and other side characters too).
			
Overall: 9.5/10